documentation/S3C-4278_review_s3c-4144_text (#28)
scality/vmware-ose-scality: docs/milestone-1.md

1. Update the `application.properties` environment file with the Vault target URL (before starting the Scality OSIS application)
    * Set the Vault URL in the `osis.scality.vault.endpoint` property (see `application.properties` [here](../src/main/resources/application.properties))
    * Update the Vault super-admin credentials in the `osis.scality.vault.access-key` and `osis.scality.vault.secret-key` properties.

1. Run the Scality OSIS application (Refer [here](../README.md#running-the-application)). Milestone-1 release tag `0.1.0-SNAPSHOT`

1. vCloud Director OSE and OSE UI must be installed and running on the OSE machine.

1. Integrate Scality OSIS with vCloud Director OSE on the OSE machine. (Refer [here](#OSIS-integration-with-vCloud-Director-OSE))

### Validation Steps

1. Log in as a vCloud Director Administrator on vCloud Director UI.
1. Navigate to the `Resources` tab.
1. Create a new `Organization` (vCloud Director tenant) with required fields.
1. Navigate to the `Object Storage` tab.
1. The `Tenants` pane is activated and lists all the vCloud Director tenants with an associated `Storage Tenant ID` (if any exist).

> 1. Click the tenant name created in the `Tenants` pane.

Reviewer: What do you think this looks like? Please feel free to ignore this if it does not make sense :) 
```suggestion
1. Click the newly created tenant's name on the `Tenants` pane.
```

Author: I think it looks good!

1. Enable the toggle button beside the Tenant name.
1. Click `Enable`. (This creates a Vault account in the background)

> 1. A storage tenant ID, which is also the associated Vault Account's Account ID, is generated on the UI.

Reviewer: I will still highlight `Storage Tenant ID` as this is a label on UI.
```suggestion
1. `Storage Tenant ID`, which is also the associated Vault Account's Account ID, is generated on the UI.
```

Author: Sounds reasonable to be.
